this is just for me and you all who are using this, to keep a record. so we dont mess up.
1. Vade: added keys for cars. ault shit o for accelerate, ault shit m for deaccelerate, ault shift j for handbreak, ault b for buckle and unbuckle, copy keys.set.
2. Vade: added  sounds for shush social, fixed the kick2 social on both the ends, feel free to kick the fuck out of each other's stomach: copy socials.set and shush1, shush2.wav
3. Vade: fixed the drinking, now bowl feeding to pets also makes a sound, hopefully added the trigger for fountain drinking, fixed the security drone and camera sounds, I had to get rid of the logging of that buffer though, it was poorly scripted which was fucking around with the string in such a way that the location was not being shown, and I clearly dont have enough knowledge to fix that particular part, the way I did it is not a good practice either, now someone can trigger that sound with the conversation. but that's the only way it worked so. : copy misk.set
4. Vade: fixed baby bounce, added a sound trigger for roar social for baby, added a new sound for speak social, again, for baby. last one, added the same sound for embrace social as well. : copy babies.set  and babycoo.wav
5. Vade: now the doorknock sound triggers even if you're the one on the knocking end. copy doors.set
6. vade:  sorry, now the speak social sound triggers even if someone else is speaking to luna, uh, baby. copy babies.set
7. vade: reflected the stormies change into babies.set, the way he did it was smarter than us. copy babies.set
8, Tatsu: added music for Humble Abode. copy music.set and and HumbleAbode.wav
9. vade: reflected stormies look for ault k change in our keys.set. copy keys.set
10. vade: added a sound for aborting out of multi liner input box. copy abort2.wav and misk.set
11. vade: added 2 new keys, control O for getting out of the  auction, and control M for cancel mapper. copy keys.set
12. Tatsu: Added a new cool set of keystrokes for clacick cars, to toggle and untoggle it type carmode. use the regular keys for directions,, alt left brace and alt right brace for accelerate,  decelerate,  Alt tick for handbrake. alt g, and alt shift g for start and shutdown. and control m to cancel mapper. additionally, you could use the old keys mentioned in the entry 1 if you dont like this one. copy Vehicle cars.set and Vehicle Carkeys.set
13. vade: fixed the park ambience not playing. copy main ambience.set
14. vade: sorry I'm dum, now the shush social sound will even play if you see the second person shushing the third person. copy socials.set
15. vade: now the channel tuning sound play no matter which communicator you're on. copy coms.set
16. vade: added tail swish sound for dragons. copy dragons.set and sounds\misc\swish.wav
17. vade: added a whole new file with chances  of more stuff being added in the near  future. yes, toys. added sounds and triggers for squeaky toys and rattles. copy cosmic rage.set, misc/toys.set, and sounds/general/toys folder
18. vade: fixed a little bug with plushy toys. copy toys.set
19. vade: I totally forgot about this one, reflectedd the sub announcements change in the coms. copy coms.set
20. vade: fixed all the gender issues with toys. copy toys.set
21. vade: added 2 new sounds for ball toys and a trigger for one of the toys. copy toys.set, ball 1, 2.wav
22. Aloysius: fixed the music for humble abode. enjoy. copy music.set
23. Aloysius: fixed the kiss social sounds both in out of character and in character. enjoy kissing! coppy socials.set
24. vade: found a reason for   some sounds were throwing errors instead of playing. now more stuff is on the way, yay. for now? copy toys/ball1 and ball2.wav
25. Aloysius: made some slite adjustments to socials.set, added a trigger for baby tickle and of course there is a sound for that.  coppy babies.set and socials.set 
26. vade:  fixed back the tickle social from the third person's prospective. stop breaking things! copy socials.set
27. vade: added a sound for toy car. copy toycar.wav and toys.set
28. vade: truely fixed the tickle this time. first person, second person, third person, 4th dimention, not my fault. ok? ok. good. copy socials.set
29. vade: reflected the new door change in the file we tweeked around with earlier. also, congratulations to us, they included our toys in the  oficial pack. you just need to copy their changelog since we already have all that. copy doors.set
30. vade: added a few more triggers for babies. copy babies.set
31. vade: added sounds for spraying perfumes, and hopefully other stuff. copy house/spray 1, 2.wav and house.set
32. vade: reflected the new mail changes in the coms.set, copy their coms folder and our file. copy coms.set
33. vade: fixed the door locking and unlocking. copy doors.set
34. vade: gagged you swishing your tail text. dont spam people to death just because you like the sound. copy dragons.set
35. vade: added more baby stuff. warning: dont do anything which makes them sad. note: dont copy the baby folder itself. go into the folder. select all. copy, and paste those files into your pack's baby folder. copy all from sounds/general/baby folder and babies.set
36. vade: 2  new trigger in babies, dont, take them away from their favorite toys, ya know. copy babies.set
37. vade: added a new sound for the birds. copy misc/flutter.wav and misc.set
38. vade: another baby trigger. sorry. copy babies.set
39. vade: added taping sounds. copy everything from sounds/general/house folder and house.set
40. Tatsu: add a new folder for the developers to keep track of the files you edit. cosmic rage/help files/list of files modified.txt
41. vade: we got rid of the clasic car keys since they were not in use, and quite annoying mapping to be honest. I modified the list of files modified file accordingly.  remove carkeys.set
42. vade: as you must have seen, stormy pushed an update with some tape sounds, and those are better so I got rid of ours. the code is same however so dont replace his house.set file. remove tape_pull 1, 2, and tape_roll 1, 2.wav
43. vade: added a bit of more triggers for babies. copy babies.set
44. vade: yet a bit more triggers. for babies. copy babies.set
45. vade: updated the misc file in order to make it compatible with the  oficial pack. copy misc.set
46. vade: fixed quite a bit of triggers in the clothing items. copy misc/wear.set
47. vade: added the sounds for trash can churping and loading jar on rod. copy misc/trash can 1, 2.wav, activities/fishing/fishworm.wav and misc.set
48. vade: compatibility update for socials. copy socials.set
49. vade: compatibility update: copy misc.set. note: if you want to continue using this pack, the soundpack updater is not recommended
50. vade: compatibility update and a fix, copy everything from misc folder.
51. vade: for all you romantic people out there may want to thank me, fixed the kissing and added a bit more triggers for other kissing socials. so, copy socials.set
52. vade: getting rid of the cosmic rage.set since there's no need for it in our extended pack anymore and it just creates confusion. replace cosmic rage.set with stormies one. remove cosmic rage.set
53. vade: now air fresheners have a sound too. copy house.set
54. vade: for those who still care about this thing, a compatibility update. yeah, nothing new. sorry. copy coms.set, main-ambience.set and misc.set
55. vade: thanks to stormy we don't need to manage one more file since he fixed the issue we fixed earlier so replace main-ambience.set with the latest version of stormies one. replace main-ambience.set
56. vade: yet another compatibility update. copy coms.set
57. vade: main-ambience.set is back into the game.  added a new ambience  trigger word and that is, "house", given the nature of the sound, you might not like in certain cases so use it wisely. copy main-ambience.set
58. vade: compatibility update. copy misc.set
59. vade:  compatibility update for keys. copy keys.set
60. vade: compatibility update. copy coms.set and house.set

